README.md, before:

docker-mkimage-gentoo
=====================

a safe and flexible gentoo stage3 importer for docker.io

 * allows building from all different stage3 flavors {,nomultilib,hardened,hardened+nomultilib}

 * automatically uses latest build and tags resulting docker image

 * verifies checksum-file signature and makes sure it's actually signed by

   > RSA key ID 2D182910

   > Key fingerprint = 13EB BDBE DE7A 1277 5DFD  B1BA BB57 2E0E 2D18 2910

   > "Gentoo Linux Release Engineering (Automated Weekly Release Key) <releng@gentoo.org>"

 * checks both, SHA-512 and Whirlpool digests



Usage
-----

	mkimage-gentoo.sh
creates images from current amd64 stage3 snapshot

	mkimage-gentoo.sh nomultilib
creates images from current amd64 stage3 nomultilib snapshot

	mkimage-gentoo.sh hardened+nomultilib
creates images from current amd64 stage3 hardened+nomultilib snapshot

	mkimage-gentoo.sh nomultilib http://distfiles.gentoo.org/
creates images from current amd64 stage3 nomultilib snapshot
uses http://distfiles.gentoo.org/ as mirror

Note that the resulting docker.io images are not ready for use, but rather
serve as root images for gentoo-based Dockerfiles.

Commit message:

Update to support curl, produce more verbose output, and use stdlib.sh

README.md, after:

docker-mkimage-gentoo
=====================

A safe and flexible gentoo stage3 importer for docker, which:

 * ... supports 64-bit and x32-bit ABIs;

 * ... allows building from all different stage3 variants {nomultilib,hardened,
       hardened+nomultilib};

 * ... automatically uses latest Gentoo release, and tags the resulting docker
       image appropriately;

 * ... verifies archive digests to confirm that they are correctly signed by
       the Gentoo release key:

   > RSA key ID 2D182910
   > Key fingerprint = 13EB BDBE DE7A 1277 5DFD  B1BA BB57 2E0E 2D18 2910
   > "Gentoo Linux Release Engineering (Automated Weekly Release Key) <releng@gentoo.org>"

 * ... confirms both SHA-512 and Whirlpool digests.

docker-mkimage.gentoo now requires that
[stdlib.sh](https://github.com/srcshelton/stdlib.sh/) is installed in
`/usr/local/lib`.  `curl` is used to download data, but `wget` will be used
automatically if `curl` is not present.  The only other requirements are GnuPG
`gpg` and OpenSSL.

Usage
-----

Show what actions would be performed:
	`docker-mkimage.gentoo --dry-run`

Create an image from the current amd64 stage3 snapshot:
	`docker-mkimage.gentoo`

Create an image from the current amd64 stage3 'nomultilib' snapshot:
	`docker-mkimage.gentoo nomultilib`

Create an image from the current amd64 stage3 'hardened+nomultilib' snapshot:
	`docker-mkimage.gentoo hardened+nomultilib`

Create an image from the current amd64 stage3 'nomultilib' snapshot, fetching
data from [mirror.ovh.net](http://mirror.ovh.net/gentoo-distfiles)
	`docker-mkimage.gentoo nomultilib http://mirror.ovh.net/gentoo-distfiles`

Please note that the docker images cannot be used directly, but are intended to
form the base-image for Gentoo-based
[Dockerfile](http://docs.docker.io/reference/builder/)s
